all right
for friends welcome to football for
everyone like this neighborhood is also missing and
thank you for asking today we will have a
very very hard game river plate
faces the complicated colon of santa fe
I am a mario a very hard stop for the
peeling team river plate carries
staggering with dollars back the bottom
challenge for the absences of bottinelli and
the twin Felix Martin but is nourished
with the appearance of the burly Colombian
balance that black mamita the husky
Muscular to fear the young central
how about friends welcome to football for
thrones like these mario excellent lack
very good thanks for asking today
we will have a very, very hard match
river plate faces the complicated
with the dissertations and mario a stop
very hard for the team of the people
ridley arrives are dancing with pains
back in the background all the time with the
absences of bottinelli the twin
fujimori but if nourishes from the appearance
of the clifford news the colombian balance
that is black mommy starlings muscled
see fearing young central and good is going to
to start the game ortega touches it the
chignon of gallardo is frontal hit in
search 10 missing that the
game can only be in the background to
radamel in a very unspecific pass something
start the match
Ortega is touched almunia the doll
dashing ball face the
search for lack there to get there the
doll puts it all the way to
radamel in a very inaccurate pass goes to
take out well strong bichi fight the
black above ends the shore wishing
back is corner for santa colón
faith to take off I see you and hard fight in
the beach and the black ending leader
nodding back corner for colon
of santa fe
launches the mid-headstock head trauma
the penalties for inside that dam that
they spread out and came out warns rivas what
you tried the little one although trying
that the big factor or double and triple
taste
launches the doll card from the center to
move the palm inwards what the
smiles that tops above the
crossbar
bieber you tried the little one now
for the big, big, double, alfajor
and triple taste I want it without doubt the
central point only on the right the
you want it is for the crazy because
it's a breakthrough the old singles are the
inverted in the predicted that not the
they want to act here in the Senate but
that this is still 0-0 here a game
very even the two seek goal in the most
classic that river that can not find the
way to enter him if it is not with long
pelotazos the leftover want to go from here
for the right the speed wants to be
with the boat because it will not be so alone
gigliotti almost school because I do not know
he wants tara cigliutti this is still 0-0
until a match very even the two
they look for colom more passive arrivals than
They do not find a way to enter him if
it's not with balls
help hill 9 looks for the download
comes green is not that hard did not come from
strong the minimum entrance a yellow
he looks for the download comes brunette
that showed that kuerten came in and kicked
these yellow minima ended in the
mouth ends in the mouth down is harmony
no no no no no ended in the mouth not in
the mouth not in the mouth still does not end
ended in the mouth
does not end in the mouth does not end in the
mouth you can still hear those bags thrown away
always to calm
do the cavenaghi puntita if I put the
puntita sword in first of river
I thought it would be beer and center
for cavenaghi is stable and with the
fucking life without got the little chain and
all the first one of river takes the rest
take out the goal in a super
water to help get to know the center in
center to cross
about you I give you the sinister I know
I got into chichinales and things to
finish third
long bag I put the low the bichi is going to
get curuchet is the center with which
the toy was getting chuchi will be
comfort and speed